but I truly don't think I'll ever find
someone who loved me as much as I love
them like and the reason why I say that
is so sad Jesus Christ I know that let
me know better at talking what you're
not better your crespo lied you do Wow
please i want to assure you you can
definitely find someone who loves you as
much as you love them I don't think you
should give up on that maybe there are a
lot of things in life you should give up
on but no I mean I think you can find
someone who was who was going to be
devoted you at that level on a practical
sense and of course of course you can
find someone who loves you is as much as
as much as you love them and look I mean
you know i'ma go one came on 50 for all
27 defective minutes or even 20 exactly